Bug/story 64155 context fe is buggy (#347)
valtimo-platform/valtimo-documentation: release-notes/major10/10.6.0/valtimo-frontend-libraries.md

The following bugs were fixed:

* **Context detail not loading properly**

>     Fixed an issue where the buttons next to the processes weren't initialized properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Fixed an issue where the buttons next to a processes were not initialized properly.
```
